chore: Deprecation commit_message option (#3447)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/merge.rst

Defining the Commit Message
---------------------------

|deprecated tag|

.. warning::

   `commit_message` will be deprecated in April 25th, 2022. The :ref:`data type template`
   will provide a more powerful solution

>    and offer total control of the merge commit.

Reviewer: Well if you mark it deprecated today, it's not going to be deprecated on 25th April.
I guess you mean "removed" here, not deprecated.

>    `commit_message` will be deprecated in April 25th, 2022. The :ref:`data type template`
>    will provide a more powerful solution
>    and offer total control of the merge commit.
> 
> 
>    To migrate from `"commit_message: title+body"` to the ``commit_message_template`` mode,
>    you just need to change in the :ref:`configuration file format` ``.mergify.yml`` in the action part,
>    and use ``commit_message_template``.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ``commit_message`` is deprecated and will be removed on April 25th, 2022. It's replaced by :ref:`data type commit_message_template`.

   To migrate from ``commit_message: title+body`` to the :ref:`data type commit_message_template` attribute, set it to:
   
   \```
   {{ title }} (#{{ number }})
   
   {{ body }}
    \```

```

Defining the Commit Message
---------------------------

|deprecated tag|

.. warning::

    ``commit_message`` is deprecated and will be removed on April 25th, 2022. It's replaced by :ref:`commit_message_template <commit_message_template>`.
    To migrate from ``commit_message: title+body`` to the :ref:`commit_message_template <commit_message_template>` attribute, set it to:

   \```
   {{ title }} (#{{ number }})
   
   {{ body }}
    \```

> 

Reviewer: quite ugly https://docs-preview.mergify.com/3447/docs/docs/actions/merge/#defining-the-commit-message 😢

Author: will it be better if i put it in a code-block ?

Reviewer: try it?

Defining the Commit Message
---------------------------

|deprecated tag|

.. warning::

    ``commit_message`` is deprecated and will be removed on April 25th, 2022. It's replaced by :ref:`commit_message_template <commit_message_template>`.
    To migrate from ``commit_message: title+body`` to the :ref:`commit_message_template <commit_message_template>` attribute, set it to:

   .. code-block:: md
   

>     ## Commit Message Template

Reviewer: why this here? 🤔

Author: To put the code block in the warning i indent it, i think it's prettier like that, no ?

Reviewer: I'm not talking about the indentation, but the title here. Why would you need a title here?
Why would you set a markdown title in `commit_message_template`?

Author: I wanted to do like the ## Commit Message, I thought it was like a comment with the #, so that the user understands which part it corresponds to. It is not used for that ?

Reviewer: `#` is used in some language for commenting, but I don't know any language using `##` as a comment delimiter. 

As you might know, `commit_message_template` is a Jinja2 template that generates text for a commit message.
Here's how to put comments in Jinja2: https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/templates/#comments

So in the end, `## Commit Message Template` is going to be the **title** of the commit with your example. I doubt anyone would want that 😅

Author: Okay, i thought it was a specific syntax for documentation, i'll put that in {%%}

Author: in fact i'm just going to take it off, as the user will not see it

Defining the Commit Message
---------------------------

|deprecated tag|

.. warning::

    ``commit_message`` is deprecated and will be removed on April 25th, 2022. It's replaced by :ref:`commit_message_template <commit_message_template>`.
    To migrate from ``commit_message: title+body`` to the :ref:`commit_message_template <commit_message_template>` attribute, set it to:

   .. code-block:: md
   

>     ## Commit Message Template
>    
>     ```
>     {{ title }} (#{{ number }})
>    
>     {{ body }}
>     ```

Reviewer: That sounds wrong?
Should be

```suggestion
    {{ title }} (#{{ number }})
   
    {{ body }}
```

IIUC

.. code-block:: md

>     ## Commit Message

Author: mb I confused with the other one that I removed, I thought it was the right one when I reread it
